let's go to
tardus Liquid
Smoke Black Water Black
Water Rainman make it
flow where it goes Nobody Knows No know
[Music]
tricker slippery like money
down the rabbit hole you
go sck a little
[Music]
mus speakers on
zo the [ __ ] we spit is fire it's going
up tonight they like to get real high
two Puffs Smoke in your eyes dirty in
the rod flying through the night [ __ ]
what you hurt this [ __ ] a chronic it'll
make you puke and vomit here comes the
comet you can out run it jump it my
laser beams are solar a real Rock and
roller pause so long zombie
junking horror films get them high
for welcome back to Lady
Babylon this is initiating apocalypse
tonight and I am going to take you
straight to hell we are going straight
to Hell put on your seat belt
congregation this one's going to be good
tonight we have to focus right devil
said get your operation cleaned up and
focus this is what I need to do I need
to take you with me tonight straight to
hell isn't that great that's fantastic
here we go here we go we're going to
love this you know what I'd like to do
I'd like to just throw out to you what's
going about to happen right the stuff
just to give you a little preview of
this
episode this episode this time we're
going in we're going to take these acts
of Phillip we're going to take these
acts of Thomas and we're going to show
to you the right being
performed being
performed now I just want to make
note just to make sure everybody in the
congregation knows that there is no
bravy there is no
bravy we must go back and see the
originals using the samurai
skill that the great virgin has given us
do you understand we're going to find
that language and from that language I'm
going to show you
tonight Through The Eyes of the people
around the apostles I'm going to show
you what they called them you're going
to be
surprised I'm going to give you a little
preview one of them is
drugie you cannot separate the use of
drugs from the act of
Jesus the
mystery that was handed down to his
Apostles I'm going to shoot you ahead
tonight to the reign of Tran this is
around a 100 anod doany do you know how
old the apostles are now they're
old right now if they were 30 with
beards when Jesus was giving him the
christing
they would be 110 now maybe
[Laughter]
120 yes you see what
happens the theologians take advantage
of you they take advantage of your
ignorance your ignorance what you don't
know they will use over you isn't it
deceptive it is
priesthoods right priesthoods oh God
those holy people they are full of
deception yes you and I tonight are
going to stand and we're going to look
at other people looking at the apostles
and what they are doing right they're
going to look at the apostles and this
is going to explain to you so much
remember I said you cannot be a
Christian today I'm going to make
statement you cannot be a
Christian and not partake of the mystery
you
can't oh God oh God are you ready for
the real thing are you ready for the
real thing this is what it's been saying
to you for centuries and it's been
obscured it's been obscured by the holy
men you know who I'm talking about who
these holy men are you know what I'm
talking about these are the holy men who
were doing Unholy
things yes oh God we know them all don't
we look into their eyes next time you
see your holy man and ask them ask
them you know the devil told
me and fill him in watch him Christ are
you ready to see Christ I've been
telling people for the longest time I've
been telling people christing is a
pharmaceutical operation it is the
application of drugs to the eyes that
will open up the person's
awareness I told you I told
you let's watch it happen if this is the
case let's bring out the text baby let's
bring them out you don't need my ideas
you don't need ideas you need that
voice that voice
from that ancient tongue now I'm going
to tell you something tonight I'm going
to give you satanic
congregation a
phrase It's a magic
phrase
spoken by the
apostles I'm going to show
you what they
did right as
if there is a recording device in your
brain that's able to capture
everything that's where we are tonight
right remember we're
going we're going to comprehend the
mystery we're going to see it in action
now I warn you
again again the Christian mystery
involves the use of children for the
production of drugs that are used in
communion this communion is meant to
enter the person into a death State and
to ra resurrect them from that state
why would you be doing this for
vision when you
open the
mind with the Christ thing and people
don't people are oh God it doesn't you
know that can't be this is the
controversy no it can't be this guy is
crazy in his kitchen look at his kitchen
he's a crazy man and what is he talking
about he's talking about them christing
little kids
KS putting them through sexual rights
he's pervert
Jesus he's the Diddy who got
crucified right
oh did he just say
that don't you love it don't you love
how the real reflects the writing of the
Muse isn't that gorgeous oh
God it's all we want people look that's
all we want nice clean Temple Satan said
it looking at him right in the face he
had all of his people they're talking
about bugging places right how do you
listen to this how you I'm not there for
that he knows me I know him it's a
contract right what's he say keep that
Temple clean bro you have to honor the
Muse if you
don't I got some equipment here for
you that I'm going to use on
you right in the
ion now when he gets technical with
specific terms like that remember these
are the terms that are coming out when
Jesus Christ says eternal life right God
so loved the world that he gave his only
begotten son and whosoever believes in
Him should not perish but have what kind
of Life
Everlasting it's a mistranslation it
always says ionic you don't even know
what ionic life is it's a cult term can
you imagine everybody walking around
today saying I'm born again I'm born
again you born again I'm born
again what do you have we have eternal
life well that's odd because that's not
in the Bible
what you want is zonic life and I'm
about to show you how they get it chewy
his first his first star system let's go
let's go don't you love the pictures
tonight shout out shout out by the way
to Teddy God this new song that we've
got on Teddy's combine that with Chewy's
illustrations oh God right plug in the
AI plug in where's 3PO R get it going
tonight I want to
start with the inspiration of one of you
the satanic congregation did you notice
how people are guiding work isn't it
lovely look at how productive we are
look at how productive we are this is
gorgeous look at this Comet right St
Garcia Dr alond please get on Moses
another pirate for the Purple Haze and
then a reference numbers 3114 15 Moses
collects mad
booty right I I don't want you to fail
to see that the
magic the
trafficking the cult the drugs the
rights yes they're being
used in the narratives they're being
used in the
Bible right Moses is not what you think
you want to see
Moses okay right this is Moses man he's
calling Big M where's his picture bring
him up there you had a beautiful one
tonight Che we show us
Moses Moses there he is there he is you
know what he does with that rod that's
his
robon oh he's one of those bakic freaks
isn't he
yep yeah he is you know who told me that
an ancient
priest the priest who knew the
pathia priest of Apollo you're going to
love him let's bring him up from the
dead right I'll bring I promise you one
of these days we'll invite him in come
in here come in here what's his name sh
who's this guy it's Moses it's Moses you
want to see something Moses did ready
everybody are you ready here thank you
by the way this Mr Garcia thank you Mr
Garcia appreciate that appreciate that
give me Moses boom yeah here it is here
it is people look at verse 15 Moses said
to
them why' you take those
women and make them
slaves okay what's what's been going on
dude we are
traffickers yeah it's part of the
culture dude
right what are we doing we traffic drugs
bro we traffic Souls but you can't think
of it like that you got to think of it
like property what does Moses say to him
he says why'd you take all these women
all these female look he doesn't even
say women he says Phu all this female
baggage what are we gonna do with all
this female baggage you hear Gangsta Mo
give it to me Gangsta Mo take these
women out
what do you want me to do what' you do
with these where'd you get these I
didn't tell you to do that what you want
to do what did he want him to do he
wanted to wipe them
out right got to want Slaughter him
baby right this is real business this is
real business of a lace St okay do you
understand me this is their world man
why do you think they know they're
always going to get popped somebody the
Roman Authority is going to catch up
with you you're going to end up getting
crucified you're going to get
crucified when is Judaism coming to life
Judaism is first coming to life in the
third second and first centuries
BC that's when it's coming to life it is
struggling to Define itself
at a the very time when christing is the
performance of the
mystery it's history people it's not
fairy tale or
fantasy right give me the give me that
next one here's more Moses come here
Moses what are we wait what is this look
at this word in Greek people right this
is what he didn't like them doing
turning things into
slaves instead of K
in do you see it's an option baked in to
the
culture right okay hey at least we
didn't kill you we just made you all
slaves right well look when you're
running an operation that involves
children and trafficking things have to
be
smooth they have to be
smooth Moses Cuts in and he's like what'
you
do what did you do you're not supposed
to come away with them you're supposed
to loot
what is this who are all these what what
is all this female
baggage oh God these boys don't play
games right do you understand me
remember how I told you people talk
about women in Antiquity did you know
that's a stupid thing to say you think
they were all the same all over the
Mediterranean no the
Mediterranean is a place of growing
civilization and on its outskirt s are
suck provinces where they don't respect
Justice and what do they do in these
provinces they treat people like
merchandise they treat people like
merchandise Pirates all those of you who
are proud to be a pirate you have no
idea what you're talking
about yeah
you have no
idea okay Moses doesn't take you want to
see what Moses does watch this watch
gangster Mo should we bring up Gangster
Mo Bo what does he
do what did he say to do kill him take
them out and kill every
male every male that you have put into
slavery kill them take all the women
whoever have slept with a
man okay
right all of the female
slaves you only keep the ones that don't
have
sex those hang around we got use for
them
why because they are product people he
says enter them in into the
machine enter them into the
program
yeah do you
understand do you understand now the
Romans hated this right the Romans spent
better part of a century trying to clean
this stuff
up right it's a big deal it's a big deal
don't be like that you know what happens
you're going to end up Caesar's going to
make you the governor of Judea you know
what they do out there yeah good luck
hope you find a place hope you find some
place to take a
dump
yeah oh my God the world of the mud
brick right what oh my
god do you see what happens do you see
what happens you get kicked around in
Judea
[Music]
why people are
funny mobs man
mobs
mobs right where is your
Justice where is your
Justice lady Roma spread Justice to the
world the Greeks were begging to join oh
my God make us part of it Empire
yay right why civilization bro I'm going
to show you things they're doing to
people that you cannot do in Rome
they're
illegal yes they're illegal you know who
made them
illegal pagans the pagans let's see it
bring it up bring it up just bring the
source people are ready
people are ready for this right look
people I just want you to see the actual
Greek right oh my God blow up
chew what is it well first of all they
say look it's the same thing as app SK
right which if you know that one you're
oh okay okay um household utensils
movables this is what the women are who
had not yet had intercourse this is the
business side of the language look at
number two it's spoil including captives
and what is the what are the passages
that they are giving us surprise
surprise
numbers right numbers now I have an
Intrepid student who spent a week
reading the history of the lsj the
Oxford lexicon that we all call
Alice right and she talked to me it's a
new publication I haven't seen it she
talked to me she said this this is what
look this is these are the goodies in it
right and this is what you got to look
at those boys at Oxford you got to look
at their backgrounds right I'm looking
at the definitions that they are
composing then and I know I'm looking
through a filter I'm looking through a
filter those people they're not all
classical philologists straight up right
right they're coming and at this from a
an angle that is through the church yeah
it's through the church
uhhuh and you're going to see that
reflected in the text let's just show
them some text people people don't
believe me just give me the yeah here's
the other word here look baggage you
know what ladies you know what what you
are you know what you become if they
don't kill you because you've already
had sex these
people I'm talking about
Moses I'm talking about Moses now do you
see how much more brilliant the septu
agent is
than the Old Testaments that you read in
English because those are based on kind
of a you know along the way they took
the Greek text which is gorgeous and
Technical oh God she's so curvaceous and
lovely right they took that and they
tried to get a fourth grader to compose
something right because that's what they
did they limited it to the Hebrew that
only has like 7,000 to 8,000 words head
of Hebrew University
Hebrew Department you know who sets the
standard in in uh a language um
development for modern Hebrew right
he'll tell you there's 7,000 but you
know whatever I've seen other people say
8,000 whatever um okay good fantastic
you can't describe this beauty you can't
see do you see how Moses to you you
thought oh he's he's this kind of guy
and charlon H
right no no no let's look at what the
text say give me that next one you want
to know what it oh here baggage or
here's ladies here's what you are if
they caught you before you happen to
have sex you know um your
baggage but look at number three you
look at number three
Ur you know what you are you're
garbage you are garbage you want to know
how
Moses looks at The
Virgins whose families he just
slaughtered in front of them you know
how he looks at them
garbage right what are we Moses we're
garbage
dealers we're garbage
dealers do you
understand garbage
it's your
religion give it to me let the devil
speak you want to see what they call the
apostles this is the eyes of those who
are
outside outside of the Apostles looking
at him look what they call him pH this
is all by the way from acts of philli
and Thomas right
pH do you know what that is the first
one is the word for drug right pharmacon
on pharmacos what is a pharmacos it's
one who does the drug
thing it's one who does the drug thing
and do you know what they call do you
know what they how they translate this
listen to the victorians tune it in
sorcerer
sorcerer right this say drug user and
Magus what is Aus a is somebody who are
you ready for the first time I don't
know why I don't know why there's people
there's people a guy from Chicago who
writes about magic and stuff like that
you know how come people don't get this
right because they don't actually read
the text right people I'm telling you
there's very few people out there who
actually read these texts very few okay
there's a lot of people who say they do
they've got degrees in theology or
biblical studies religious history
something like that and they focused
they had to have a couple semesters of
Greek and you know they think they're
authoritative enough to make Grand
statements like the septu is a
translation without ever without
ever reading those actual texts having
the capacity to read those actual texts
it's a shameful thing and it's
fraudulent and the devil hates it and if
you have participated in that you must
be
purged do you understand you must be
purged you got to be cleaned up that's
all there is to it sorry it's a Bic
thing
frauds frauds are never to be
followed they are empty
Mist you'll walk right off a cliff do
you understand do you understand right
trust the trust the Magi man right
here's the apostles here they come give
me the next
[Music]
one look what this expression says it
says in the magic of this guy
Jesus under the
power of this guy Jesus what is the
power of Jesus people what is the power
of Jesus from the Forbidden Bible the
one that a bunch of dudes sat around and
said we're not going to going to include
this book it's too
nasty right it's too nasty just like
Stephen
King right hail hail Satan to Stephen
King a shout out to Stephen King whose
books are banned in Florida for their
nastiness their
nastiness God I read Christine when I
was 13 I read The Shining when I was 13
and one weekend I was glued to it
love it I loved all its nastiness thank
you thank you Mr
King love it give me the give me the
thing there yeah hell Satan everybody
shout out shout out to the great right
yeah excellent excellent crazy crazy
stuff give me the next one um look at
people what does this say oh God this is
somebody look he's talking about the
magic of Jesus he says what is it about
not that magic of Jesus did you see what
philli did just a second ago what did he
do he caused me to go blind I couldn't
see anything right and then what did he
do something else and I could suddenly
see
again okay could suddenly see again
blindness take you know Vision taken
away and given the prophets are supposed
to have those capacities you thought
speaking in tongues was charismatic
people at churches
hyy boo right no you're about to see the
magic of
Christianity now what is Magic here's
the
definition here's the definition I need
you to hear are you ready it's a verb in
Greek it's a verb right it's not taken
from anything it's a
verb and its
action is to bamboozle
your mind do you know what the magician
or Magus does they get into your
head and they use drugs to do
it yeah they form you mentally isn't
that gorgeous they form you
mentally it's a form of pidea
Education I'm going to show you I know
you don't believe me here we go boom
give me the next
Source there we are um look he says I
know I'm just translating it to you
starting at o I know that you are a
pharmac cost this is somebody talking to
Phillip right because What's happen
their wives their problems like wives um
stopping
relations with their husbands in order
to be purged of their sexual demons in
wrs with this dude Phillip and this dude
is old man in rights with this dude
Phillip right so do you understand Jesus
himself did this to Mary this is the
same woman that he offered his semen to
to eat he purged her of this demon he's
also doing it children we have it we
have accounts of it let's just see what
he says I know you're a you're a
pharmacos do you understand look at look
at the last word in this first line
people please understand the
significance of this you love it you
love it don't oh
God you love the significance I want you
to feel the sting of this historically
are you ready this is on this is on your
end
just a little bit and then
maybe a little bit of
[Music]
that
right bring the source up going to blow
everything look at the last word of that
first line it's the name of Jesus
yesu
right what is Jesus called in this text
A
pharmacos A
pharmacos A pharmacos you don't think
drugs are connected with Jesus
Christ in the Forbidden
Bible that's what he's
called and people will
say praise the Lord I know the word is
inspired
inherent and it's just these books
[Laughter]
listen to me if classist did that we
would never learn any ancient
literature right there are no bubbles
ancient writing is ancient writing it's
a science it's not a game of Mind
Control okay it's not a game we don't
have to have faith you do do you
understand do you see how empty your
faith is your faith is as
empty as your
hope you see an
Antiquity the Greek language preserved a
curse called
hope hope is your
delusion do you like that do you like
that you were supposed to get it you're
supposed to get it on the way here
you're supposed to get it on the way to
Hell let's do it give it to me the next
one please Joey next to our system pow
oh love it okay so what did the Apostle
say to Jesus wait a minute
what the Apostle said something to Jesus
yeah he did because
Jesus is the one who
appears Whenever two or three of you are
gathered together doing it
[Music]
isn't that great a't that
great what is that it's a
Quantum yeah it's a
Quantum Image
Maker yeah sat on
kill here he comes are you ready for
Jesus here he comes you're not going to
hear them if you haven't people are like
have you sat in church all your life and
you've been like h kind of looking for
the ha when's when am I going to hear
the ha voice when am I going to hear it
huh right well they did an Antiquity too
the only thing was the mystery included
that isn't that nice isn't that nice you
haven't had communion you think you have
you've had some dirty rotten crackers
that's all some grape juice or whatever
they put in there and people by the way
people the devil would
never would never never make 60 people
drink out of one cup dude hygiene
hygiene remember
hygiene well that thing is blessed no
it's not ancient doctors ancient doctors
don't um they're not unaware of the
anamuli those little tiny germy
germs the spread your
mouth Isn't that cool watch this I'm
going to show you some Quantum germs I'm
going to show you some Quantum germs
give it to me Chey next one oh the
Apostle Le said to him what did he say
okay ready people here's what I am in
the mystery do you understand I am there
I have been
christed I have been christed and what
do I say in the
process
Z sabath
[Music]
wait uh excuse me um guess what I just
gave you I just gave you tongues I just
gave you tongues you can find this stuff
in the
PGM you can find it in the magical
papery right it's just a quote baby it's
an imprecation that is used watch
oh what am I doing if I don't get that
right do you understand okay I'm I'm
talking to Jesus right I'm an early
Christian and what I mean early like I
was one of his students that's what that
line said it said you're a student he's
telling philli you I know you're a
student of this dude who's a pharmacos I
get that right I get the stuff that you
can do and I know what you're doing to
my
wife isn't that cool Isn't that cool
it's like somebody approaching Bill
Cosby right somebody approaching Bill
Cosby in the act and saying hey I know
what you did and you guys started this
in Galilee and now it's
spreading right do you know the
reputation of Christianity in the first
century by 100
a do you know what the reputation of
Christianity
was a spreading
sex
cult oh that is p did
fantastic do things really ever change
do things what kind of communions I
guess is probably the qu what kind of
communion you going to put in there you
know what I mean what kind how what
direction are we going to take this look
at how sad you've made these children
buck up Peter buck up
John go back there and sit on Jesus's
lap look at him me so did you know that
John was sitting on his lap it says it
came up to GE he came up to Jesus's
chest right right these are the people
that he's working with in the communion
why because they are going to go out and
spread the
business they're going to go out and
spread the business how much money have
we seen change hands a whole lot Jesus
got three pounds of silver for Thomas
dude how much do you think Chewy do you
think it is kind of funny H it is an
honor to hear listening to this
beautiful it is it is you're right I
recognize that Joe thank you it is an
honor right if it were up if it were up
to other people we wouldn't have access
to this we wouldn't right remember the
Middle
Ages right who do you think that got
access to reading materials right no
it's clerics
dude when you control that
information right you can force people
to do things because they have a false
impression of History if you had
known that Jesus was this kind of guy
would you have sat and sing How Great
Thou
Art would you have sat and sung that
that right let's go to hell baby let's
go straight to Hell give it to me no I'm
talking the real like academic right
hell here we go what is this oh it's
this it's the magic words so there you
go magic people right love it and um he
gave to them now watch people here's the
something big too are you ready all of
the scholars out there are there any
Scholars out there say something in the
chat please if you're a scholar you
don't have to I'm not going to ask you
any questions I just want you to say
yeah baby I do it like the scholars do
it right look at this line this is big
for you people put your big boy pants on
okay what are Phillip and Thomas giving
people they're giving them
the
Ino they're giving them that that
seal in Christo now you notice the word
Christo is capitalized why is our editor
who's taken a text that didn't have any
capitals or lower cases right what did
what did he do he made it capital why
did he do that because he he thinks
Christ is a Jesus thing it's just Jesus
Christ and every time someone says
Christ it refers to Jesus well does does
that apply to the fifth century when
Jesus didn't exist yet did that apply
and that's the qu oh my God oh my God go
back bring it up bring it up I'm going
to translate this to you for the you're
gonna see something this is the first
time people watch this watch this he
gave to these people right what did he
give to them that
seal
in the drug
that was a
Christ that drug that was applied to the
eye that we know in the
apocalypse God tells us
please put this stuff in your eyes so
they'll be opened and you'll see do you
understand you're a Christian only
because you're walking around blah blah
blah
faith your eyes have not been opened I
know this for a fact why because they
can't produce this communion they can't
right they don't have knowledge of it
it's lost it's lost in an encoded text
that was sitting in a library of
Nero
fantastic Galen got it gayen got it
right now every time I scream about
Christ things right people are like oh I
can have nothing to do with drugs yes
yes you're so fraudulent you're
fraudulent you're you're little
Victorian backsides are popping they're
popping I can H what is that 18
[Music]
right what is he talking about it's okay
it's in code baby give me the next one
give me the next one oh God look at the
last in line I
know right I know your
magic this is again one of the people
talking about what the apostles are
actually doing I know you're magic and I
know you raised somebody right you raise
somebody from the
dead right what is this practice that
we're doing we are entering into the
death State and being raised again there
is a sexual purgation it is a purging of
demons and they are doing it on
children and
on
women you this particular group of
Christians and it is run by a group of
men who were trained by Jesus
himself okay if you want to know who
Jesus is look at his followers you want
to know Jesus says the devil look at his
followers look at his followers I
remember sitting there his Hooves were
up on the desk you know what I mean
cutting that presence with
them right and you know he's talking
about lying or something they were lying
man they're all all a bunch of liars
he's constantly ranting about that right
back alley stop being back alley
that's what it was that's what he said
back alley you know what they're doing
and I was like no tell me what they're
doing he's like they're
trafficking they're
[Music]
trafficking go find
them show them the mirror right and I
was like
dude dude I got this right I got the I
mean thanks man thanks thank you devil
thank you devil for showing I mean
seriously people do you know what's in
these texts there is in this these texts
enough blasphemy to blow this world to
Smither Rings religiously your minds
your minds will be could be reset a
paradigm reset and all it
takes is the actual text are you serious
I don't have to give you money nope you
don't have to give me any money you
don't have to do any you know you don't
have to do anything I I want you your
services right people offer me their
services right I just want to contribute
it's okay I don't I I appreciate that
but you know what I need you to do I
need you to contribute your
attention right I I need you to
contribute your
attention right that's what I need for
this service that we all render to
protecting these sources protecting
these sources so that when people come
to you and say democracy was a Christian
invention you can tell them you are
liars you are
liars you're
Liars you must learn if you're going to
serve the devil you must
learn lying it's the number one thing
guy hates it do you understand the first
thing the thing that got him fir
right you remember what it was Eve she's
like oh God said if we ate this we'd all
die no you won't you get naked and
you'll see things just like he does the
devil insisted on the truth what H what
does the Bible say says she went through
the process with the devil and her eyes
were open and she ended up
naked right then she took it back to
adamus he who was supposed to be
invulnerable and she opened his eyes
right now
remember right
remember who did it
first right who did it require who did
this whole process require it required
the
reality of the
Venom right let's go I told you we're
gonna go straight to Hell tonight are
you ready people give me the next one
give me the next one people what does he
say I know right no no next
one here we are yeah yeah and so turning
the Apostle did something to a
kid okay now just wait just wait what is
the thing that he's doing to the kid
look at this word
right right traditionally people say oh
this is the word for prayer right um
it's connected with a dative with a
dative case you're doing this on
somebody two or four somebody on their
behalf right you're creating a vow
you're creating a magical
Bridge you are exalting over someone
this is what he's doing this is what the
Apostle is doing to the child and why is
he doing this because this kid came to
him and he said
please right talk to the Jailer and ask
him tell him you're going to come with
me for the the night and you're going to
give me the
seal right so he gives it to him he
gives it to him he gives him the seal
why does this kid want well we'll look
at it we'll look at it give me next one
I'm getting a little bit ahead but we
only have a few more left we're coming
in I didn't want to over you know burden
people with too many taxs right too many
taxs what is it saying here
so you know oh um Phillip says to
Bartholomew and to Miriam he says look
we we're need of some serious help from
the
Savior right remember what he
said right who sent us out remember what
that christed person said who sent us
out he said don't be
afraid don't fear persecution that means
you know get in trouble with the law cuz
you remember if you read the book of
Acts in the New Testament canonical
you'll see that everywhere the
Christians go they either get thrown out
or they get
arrested and you got to ask yourselves
why are they getting thrown out if
you're a missionary today and you are
not getting thrown into jail for being
involved with drugs and children and
baptizing them you're not doing what you
should be doing to spread the kingdom
blessed are those who were Unix for for
the kingdom of Heaven's
Sake oh love it blessed Unix bring them
out bring them out you Christians think
that you see what you're doing you think
you know what you're doing you're stuck
in a fairy tale prison it's not even a
reflection of the reality all of your
robes and
you it's absurd
it's a masturbatory exercise in self
flatulation hey there is that Abe I
think that's
Abe hey Abraham how you doing I see you
got some things for us to buy today oh
the one on the left how much how much
did Jesus get for for Thomas three
pounds of
silver dang would I do you think I would
go for that much meet man meet man
you're supposed to wait until I say meet
man right I didn't mean to summon here
go away meet man for a minute I'll
summon you in a minute right gets my
goat it gets my goat chewy we've got to
be on target it gets my goat thank you
blessed now for those of you who've been
in congregation uh for a while now and I
know that you always ask for Penelope to
return because Penelope teaches us that
what is behind the cross is a burden of
sin that only Jesus Christ himself could
bear and that's why your spouse is not
having intercourse with you but is
involved with us thank you have a good
night love you
Penelope okay let's go let's go oh God
she's so gorgeous I love Penelope um
people what is this talking about let's
just jump right back oh okay are you
ready to go to hell are you ready to go
to hell here we come now for those of
you who are afraid of hell I I wouldn't
uh I wouldn't proceed a minute further
I'll give you a second I'll give you a
second to step off here all those of you
who are evangelicals I gotta warn
you any sort of
Rabbi any sort of priest any sort of
Mulla I got to warn you you're about to
see Satanic
Verses and this stuff will permeate your
brain it'll change you it'll open your
eyes and you'll see things differently
you see things differently let me cast
out your J baby give me the next
one oh God do we get it all I think we
got it all yeah here it is it's not the
next one you know you know what I'm
saying um where is the dwelling place of
the Great Serpent it is
tartaros what happens in
tartaros that's
place you and me and all your neighbors
end up who have done certain things that
require a
special intelligent
approach a
sword that is particularly sharpened for
the use in the punishment and the
purgation of the
Soul it's a place where you go where you
go for pration and that purgation is
ionic it is ionic
purgation oh God tell me tell me about
it tell me about it watch this watch
this people there's a place give it to
me we're going to tardus I'm let me
translate this let me just translate it
for you um his dwelling place is
tardus and in the
darkness he has his
existence since he has
no free
speech flee from
him lest his
Venom be poured upon your
mouth do you see what happens do you see
what happens he's the ruler there
imagine that he's the ruler there and
from his place where he has no freedom
to
speak he pours
poison upon our
lips isn't that gross isn't that gross
that's the that's the most beautifully
beautifully gross depiction of a prince
that I've ever seen yeah
yeah how is the devil able to talk to
you are you ready it's through his
EOS it's through his
poison do you want to see what his
poison is do you want to see the
Eucharist let's see it let's see the
poison
oh God here it comes are you ready are
you ready here's what I want you to do
people I want you to stay in a place of
theoa a place where you respect the gods
I want you to be faithful I'm
translating I want you to be holy and
good and not walking around with any
sort of bait wait what run away from the
dragon Satan
yeah and get out of your
presence his Wicked
seed for his
seed is your
desire your
desire it's a
disease it's a disease in your
soul it is the Venom of the serpent for
desire comes from the serpent from the
beginning and it is the activated
weapon used against the
faithful it this poison that can cover
your
mouth it comes from the
scotus from the darkness and and it goes
back into it do you understand the
communion do you
understand why the blood of the
Christians is so important do you
understand the free speech of the
devil oh God have you experienced it
have you experienced it have you entered
into that communion
[Music]
right who is that accuser who is that
accuser who's your accusers
Christianity it's one you've just got
[Music]
one and all we've got to
do is give him a voice and everything
that you've falsified all of your
fraudulence comes crumbling down around
you and everybody here in the satanic CR
knows knows the beauty drinking of that
Ambrosia that freedom give me the next
one chewy let's let's hit the climax
here are you ready for this I know what
did they do come here dude I'm gonna
bring up a dude and he's got a he's got
a wife and she's gotten involved in this
garbage and what's happening he says
they are porating
who is she porating with she's porating
with these strangers who are
Magi right and what do they do right he
says I see you I know what you do you
enter into that
Mania the Mania of all of those who
wander now when I say wander it sounds
funny to us here the native Greek who
wandered do you know what happens when
you Christ your eyes with a drug
that is used in one of these mystery
rights you wander you become a traveler
they used to call it the wings of the
devil the wings of the
devil yeah you know what the devil did
to Jesus he took him all over the place
he took him all over the place why do
you think Jesus was talking about giving
you snake venom he took it all over the
place I was there I was in the temple I
was sitting
devil do you understand this communion
is the
mystery the mystery of iniquity
anomia do you understand it's directly
from
tardus why do you think we always
Resurrect The Queen the queen of the
underworld people why do you think any
any ideas did anybody miss that in elus
did anybody not see that
there's a lot of christing going on
there are a lot of Venoms that are being
used Jesus warns his own Apostles he
warns
them you got to watch
out right these are the
ones these are the ones that will kill
you and this is how you prevent it right
it's just m it's just just the phacos
it's their art right it's their art give
me the next one you and you don't people
please realize that when somebody has
the power to do things like put you to
sleep right wake you up put you to sleep
right induce a sexual state in you right
cause temporary
blindness right what kind of chemical
Wizardry is this do you see what's going
on you can bump this up to the Next
Level if you're a mogus and you can take
say somebody who's been made a
unic and you can cause them to enter
into the mystery you can make an
oracle right you can make someone who is
a prophetes who's a
Prophet this is how this is working
there is no fairy tale people I'm sorry
I turn off the turn off the Charlton hon
right turn off the right turn turn off
the
Disney yeah turn off the Disney why am I
saying that why am I saying that because
there is a
reality there is a reality to the
mystery that supersedes any religious
idea it is just history and it's a
beautiful history and watching people go
through it it's a beautiful thing to
have that to have that um privilege and
we're privileged here to be able to do
that right hell Satan we're privileged
to be able to do
that right okay they can't ban this
stuff right Stephen they can't ban it
it's the Real Horror right Stephen King
I wish you'd I wish you would get on it
and see the horror right bring it a I
love it right you gota it's something
having a a you know having a real you
know when somebody starts a genre right
and I know people say oh Stephen Kane
he's starting a genre baby
right but when somebody becomes the
master of it so that it's kind of
defined around them of that genre they
take possession of it right and they
kind of change the way it it's
represented through time and used
through
time you must recognize this it's super
super important this is arilus baby this
is
arilus right Stephen King is our kilus
we ought to be paying attention to the
dude whose books are being banned right
more Bibles more Bibles for the schools
people please get them this material we
have to show the kids right that we're
teaching in the school we have to take
them this information and show them what
a Christ thing is do they want to follow
Jesus Christ that's up to them right but
if you get the actuality out there
you're educating it's pidea I love it
you know what we're the good guys isn't
it funny how many enemies congregation
who have we have we gathered around
ourselves how many enemies oh they're so
vehement they're so vehement right oh we
give them purpose I love it let's go to
the next one boom a little bit more
casual watch this um so the dude is like
like okay enough of this enough of this
BS right you're you're home wrecker came
over here from Galilee you're home
wrecker what does he say this is a
Consul he's had enough right they messed
with the wife of somebody who actually
had a lot of political power right what
does he say
B torture these Magi torture them right
away they're causing the people to
wander they're causing them to wander
who are they causing to wander watch
this who are the congregation of the
earliest Christians they are poas gikas
many
women
Andrus Young boys
kidas and young
girls and they call it piety but it
isma that they do what
isma what isma next one chewy
BMA Abomination look this is how the
victorians Oh God can you imagine
Victorian intercourse it must have been
terrible it must have been terrible
serious this is the best detail you what
did you guys do put sheets over cut a
hole in it or something R did you put up
a wall or something and just feed things
through what did you do
Abomination oh
[Music]
God the abomination of the
OS right the abomination of those
desolations those
desolations do you
understand do you understand what's
going on in the
mystery gorgeous look at this I'm going
to pop this one up here um people who
never believe me when I tell them the
young boys are involved despite the fact
that we just saw them look look at that
text up there the last one you saw look
here's another one here's a young kid
and what does he do he comes to the
Apostle and he says to him quote I
really need you dude anthropy that's
what he says I really need you dude
Apostle of God I need you allow
me right to go away right or excuse me
Come Away with me and I will persuade
the dude in charge of me in order that
you can come to my house right in and
and give me right I can partake of
theid right
yourid what does he want he wants the
drug and what does he kid tell him he
says look I'll I'll I'll be your
assistant after that I promise he wants
to be the dude's assistant he says I'll
guard
everything right of all the precepts of
this God I'll guard it right that you
are bringing forward that you are
heralding do you understand what the kid
wants he wants the seal people are
coming to the apostles for the seal and
if you
remember fris we looked it up people
it's dead on on Center Bullseye a drug
and it's a very very common one right
it's a it's it's expensive as hell right
but it's a known
drug these seals you really think when
they talk about breaking the seals you
really thought all that you know people
have been having hallucinations for
centuries about the apocalypse because
they can't read
it right those SEALS or drugs those
trisco those Wheels all of that is
medical terminology they are the drugs
these people are using in their rights
the christing is a process of
drugging holy Bill
Cosby
Batman give it get go ahead and give me
that same one I just want to finish that
translation for people h
was it there I think it was
there yeah here he is here's the young
boy and he comes to and he's like dude
right and you're going to come with me
I'm gonna be your slave right go go next
one I'm gonna be your slave you're GNA
give me the seal and um what is the seal
actually producing it's producing
this now for every class this is out
there wait a minute the
Kora yeah the Kora the daughter of light
right she is in that Brilliance of the
Kings right she is that beautiful
appearance she is that
shining
beauty that now all the classes out
there will hear they'll know oh my God
they're doing
elisian things yes the apostles are
doing elosan things why they're trying
to resurrect the very same the very same
Kora and the writer of the septu in the
3 Century BC right the one who
fabricated fabricated this fiction of
the Old Testament because it's a product
of the 3r century people it's a product
of the third Century do you know I'm
going to show you a text here in just a
second I'm going to show you a text
that is from the septu agen but it's a
text that they um they wouldn't accept
it became you know Persona know
gr um there is no Hebrew for it because
they kicked it out they had no reason to
backrack and create a Hebrew text for it
it's one that escaped from the septan
that they didn't try to back translate
Hebrew those zealots that were in the
caves right with the Greek text copying
it out into Hebrew those
people they you know it wasn't accepted
so okay that's why you've got no Hebrew
version of It Isn't that cool Isn't that
cool right we're talking I'm going to
show you from that book I feel bad for
True Believers hearing this for the
first time yes land the plane a little
gently oh it you know what my name yeah
um it's a little bit hard you know what
I mean when you get in there and you're
all set up and things are things are
bump bump bump and they're bumping up
and it faster and faster and faster F
and you just want that scream you just
want that voice that pure voice
sometimes you just got to Ram it you
know what I mean sometimes you just got
to stick that Landing man like a fighter
pilot on a on a aircraft carrier oh God
right you got to hammer it at home yeah
love it that's okay that's okay we can
all group together right we all
different styles give it to me give it
to me um next one next one okay there's
only a couple more people I just want to
see the radiance I wanted you to see the
radiance of Sophia that I'm about to
show you are you right I gave you a name
give it to me we're going back we're
going back right this opal gosma of
Sophia this Radiance is
is what photos
I I
you people think that Jesus said eternal
life he didn't if he did he would have
used this Greek do you see the last word
here I
you that is the Greek word for
Eternal do you see how you have been
bamboozled this is not what Jesus says
will get he says you will get ionic life
not
Eternal her Brilliance is of Eternal
Light yeah okay give me the next one
give me the next one this is who they're
actually worshiping people right it's
just okay people here's another
one there only do you see what this is
this is a quote to you from the
into life you know how we all got here
do you know why Jesus is casting out
demons from Mary do you know why we're
reading about processes in the temple of
virgins being put to labor with the dyes
that are psychotropic do you know why
these virgins are having sex with God
and producing babies do you know why the
talmud says that a two-year-old hman
will regrow if you enter into halakic
Union do you know why
why all of this ends up with throwing
acid in the face of young girls it's for
the sake of those Satanic
Verses it's for the sake of a communion
that gives us a heaven full of
virgins you are in the way of the
trafficker you follow the way you don't
follow the way of the book you follow
the way of the
trafficker get used to it Moses and
Abraham get used to it
Jesus get used to
it
72 72
virgins give me the next one people you
have to get you have to eat it people
that's just the way it is you got to eat
that reality here's a little bit more
here's a little bit more are you ready
what's the what's the reality the
reality of Sophia right is that we love
her Beyond health and Beyond Beauty wait
what Beyond health and Beyond well
formation we love her and we choose her
we choose her over light why because her
light is
Sleepless Restless
look at the last word in this line what
is the light of wisdom
fangos fangos do you know what that is
that's a Greek word that you could never
repeat in any other
language it is the peculiar you want me
to tell you what it is okay imagine you
are
sitting with a
person that you've just fallen in love
with
you're
overwhelmed and you look into their
eyes you see some kind of gleaming
life that's coming from their
eye that's what hongos
is okay all right do you see it Aeros
love is the key right love is the
key you don't think Jesus knew this why
do you think he was doing what he did to
those children why do you think he was
doing what he did with
Mary right that's the Gateway your
epithemia is the poison of the devil
right from tardus it is your
punishment it is your punishment why did
she do it she was a school teacher why
did she do
it okay your punishment comes right out
of tardus and how does it get here it
gets here on the wings of the devil's
voice do you see how that works he
insists that you have the full truth
nothing but the
truth right that's why we're casting out
demons people it's why there's no fairy
tale give me the next give me the next
one Chey we're almost done people what
else about
wisdom that's okay I want him to see the
sleepless I thought that was nice
wisdom right she is that light right
what is it people ultimately that we're
focused on and finding Sophia we're
focused on the beginning the completion
and that which is in the middle of
everything the middle of the time this
is all chronic this is all
saturnian mystery if you don't have time
you don't have Saturn and mystery great
you mean this is in the Bible of course
it is what does she give you when we
bring her back when we resurrect her in
our ancient rights we Apostles what is
she giving us she's giving us the
natures of the living do you understand
the nature of living do you understand
what that
is Sophia is the one who knows that what
else does she give us what else does she
give us she gives us that thumos that
breast that emotion that drive of the
Theon of the beasts and you know where
the beasts come from you know we consume
them we shove them up our noses we put
them into our
rectums and we gain the thumos of the
Beast we gain the thumos we only do that
when we bring her back what else does
she give us she gives us the force of
the Winds the force of the
Winds the earliest hymns of the earliest
Christ media were hymns to the winds do
you understand the spirits and their
power no because you do not understand
Sophia's gift of the
dunamon the powers of the roots the
powers of the roots what is it I'm
showing you I am showing you the Holy
Spirit of
pida you mean this is in do you
understand now why this book was
ejected because it's too
explicit right this is the holy spirit
of pidea and what is that pidea it is
your
education it is your education where was
that picture take that down from do you
have that picture with the educating the
kids I think it was Jesus was it Jesus
educating the kids right somebody get
upset and tell him to stop touching
those kids yeah they did right where
right this is Jesus we're talking about
I don't know I thought you had it before
come on Chey bring it up pull us out
we're going to dive hurry hurry H hurry
there okay what happened oh okay all
right there they are there they are
right I bet he gets how much silver you
think this one I don't think he gets two
I bet he gets two pounds of silver you
know what I mean people where did
meatman go meatman gets more silver this
guy this is before do we have a picture
of him before he lost his skin I mean
imagine doing here is right meatman when
he's not been skinned goes for three lbs
of
silver right right he's just
administering the drug right you see the
pan on his face right if you were to
lower the camera you'd see he's also a
Sader right he's getting he's entering
into the right right isn't that isn't
that fantastic well later he gets his
skin removed and he gets involved in
giving people the seal so imagine this
for a minute people I know this is
Halloween appropriate imagine here's
your story I hope Stephen King makes a
story of this look this
guy is giving you
drugs that will kill you resurrect
you and involve you involve you in
sexual acts right now you are
hallucinating under the the influence of
drugs that make you fearful and
psychotic fearful and psychotic and this
guy is the guy who is administering the
drugs okay what is going
on
anthropologically please can somebody
please because this is the last guy that
I I I mean not only would I not want to
have be under this influence of
hallucina with this guy right because
it's not going to go good people I'm
sorry I'm sorry it's not where is Jesus
with his 12 with his 12 kids right maybe
that's more
sedate that guy had it going and by the
way Jesus gave him his skin
back after three years he rewrapped him
in his
skin now and what did Thomas do he's
like
thanks no Thomas no that's not look
stand up for yourself dude you mean
three years you let me walk around like
this and all you had to do was wrap me
up baby do you see how a l stays
thanks do you see what happens you've
got to make people feel it do you know
why they use the whip in the bck right
because you've got to make people feel
it it is part of the experience you're
not going to get your demon cast out and
speaking of those demons getting cast
out that's what we're that's what we're
trying to remove from them this epia
this desire or
yearning right this
appetite this sexual desire why do you
thank you you sex in this process with
these Apostles why are these Apostles
using sex do you know what they're doing
they're casting out the
demon from this population of women
girls and
boys and the victims of this are coming
to their husbands saying oh I don't have
saxs anymore I had my demon cast
out uhuh well who who did this who did
this to you do you understand control
communion you thought communion was
yummy yummy bloody blood of Jesus Christ
this is the stuff that cleanses me of my
sins no
no yeah it's not how it worked it's not
how it worked
you were
druged you were controlled you were
manipulated you were put into a psyonic
state yeah
and they performed sex acts on
you
yeah this is why there is a mob that
says crucify him whether they're
standing at the cross whether they're
standing in
prison with
Diddy there is a
divine retribution that comes from
tardus
itself
you you are covered in
it thank you for coming tonight satanic
congregation I know I'm behind at am
andu and I have two gorgeous units
coming up that I'm going to cover I will
but tonight the devil said you clean out
that Temple and you recommit yourself to
that Muse's voice and don't ever let me
catch
you around
those human
bravel I was like all right all right
yeah yeah thank you for
coming I want you to have the best and I
will continue to bring you those sources
without any ideas without any
Impressions without any great citation
just the Texs because the Texs are
always way more
interesting than the BS that gets
shoveled down our
throats hail
Satan trip beam
Elemental through drains dancing to the
bank take it to the river with the water
Beast
Slither Scorpion and snake venom Med
send you to heaven fractional
distillation drip or Rings grip it they
could stuff is strong only take a little
bit it'll get right on top of you you'll
be seeing the
craziness Up in Smoke purple
haziness doing my thing driving down the
lane first come first serve Kang line
tall black is your soul from the
bank where did the children go cheapers
creepers that snake weed was
strong Vampirella fly on fly